RUGAL
ALL CHARACTERS, PLACES,
ORGANIZATIONS, RELIGION AND INCIDENTS
PORTRAYED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS
This is your first mission.
Chairman Ko Yong-deok's wedding
will take place this afternoon.
I was hoping to give him
a wedding present.
A bomb?
Or a missile?
-A disturbance.
-A disturbance?
Toward the end of the wedding,
a huge sum of an illegal political
donation will be delivered.
We will ambush the scene,
steal the money, and vanish.
Our first mission is stealing?
Sounds like fun.
Since they illegally obtained evidence,
they will lose the trial, too.
Even if they catch us red-handed,
we can just deny it.
But what if no one finds out
who stole the money?
They will doubt each other.
When they continue to distrust each other,
they are bound to make mistakes.
And we will obtain the evidence
they accidentally spill
and use it against them.
Once you get to the hotel,
spread out and focus on your tasks.
Gi-beom, I want you to scan
everyone in the lobby.
The delivery will take place
in the basement of the hotel.
Of course, all the entrances
to the basement will be off-limits.
There's only one way to get into it.
-It's the VIP elevator.
-Go that way.
Mi-na, get the VIP pass.
-How?
-Do whatever it takes.
You recently published a book.
How's that going?
It's well-received
among many young people.
They say they saw hope
and the book was therapeutic for them.
I am very busy with all the offers
to give lectures these days.
Once you get the pass,
meet up with Tae-woong and infiltrate.
EPISODE 2
Wait.
This elevator is for VIP only.
Use a different elevator.
This is the right elevator, then.
What's he talking about now?
Sir.
You dropped your card.
I see.
What did you just say?
It's nothing.
-If you'll excuse me.
-Wait.
But sir, unfortunately,
this elevator is out of order.
Can you see?
This is too bad.
Get rid of them first. And think later.
Hey, Tae-woong.
What's your plan?
Don't you want to go down?
Is your hand okay?
These are your wedding gifts.
Why are all my gifts unwrapped?
This wedding isn't your personal occasion.
Look at the big picture.
But you should still keep the gifts.
It's important for me to know
why I'm getting them, too.
Bring them back as they were. All wrapped.
With an intent to root out
solicitation in any way,
the chairman sent back
all of his wedding gifts.
I'm sure you can understand
whose pretext is more important.
You have to run errands for your master
and make sure to keep him happy.
You have your hands full
with such petty tasks.
My gosh. I appreciate your compliment.
You'll get a few more bags.
I hope you're not too disappointed
by them.
Do you possibly think
those insignificant gifts are what I want?
No.
Most of the people
can't even think about skipping
a few steps on the hierarchy.
Don't let my genuine love for him
get dragged into your dogfight.
You've got my respect!
Your noble love for him...
I hope that continues.
Your congratulatory message
is quite nasty.
I can never hide my inner feelings.
You were such a lamb
in front of the chairman.
I can't wait to see how you'll behave
once I become the lady of Argos.
Well, go ahead.
What's taking you so long?
Why are you here?
I'm following your instructions.
Get out if you're done here.
He's so obedient to you.
What is it? Did something happen?
He's good at taking care of his errands.
But he scares me a bit.
How does he scare you?
If I weren't in the picture,
he would be next in line to succeed you.
It makes me wonder
if he will just let me be
after losing his spot.
That jerk. I gave him a higher position.
If he oversteps and doesn't know
his place, I'll let him know.
Don't be too harsh on him.
Here's my wedding gift for you.
I'll show you
that I'm the alpha and omega.
Where are you now?
Today is the day.
Make no mistakes.
Yes, sir.
Hey, where's Dal-ho?
Sir. I'm here.
I am here.
We're sending tens of billions of won.
Don't leave your post.
I'm sorry, sir.
Go.
Did you hear anything
from Assemblyman Park?
After the ceremony,
he's going to introduce someone to you.
That's when you can give him the key.
Guard the place with the guys.
Don't let your guard down.
Yes, sir.
Damn it.
Sir, you need to take the stairs.
-Lead the way.
-Yes, sir. This way.
This way.
-Who are you?
-Get out.
We have the situation room.
Once we take over their system,
you're up, Gwang-cheol.
Okay.
DISCONNECTING CCTV SYSTEM COMPLETE
I cut off all the cameras.
Here it goes now.
Wait. What is this?
Great.
Let me turn left here.
All right. It's almost over.
Give them the bait.
Sir, you cannot come in here!
Wait.
Get out! Get out of here.
Get out.
Hey!
Hey, we are here too.
-What's happening?
-Who are they?
There will be a motorcycle
in the basement.
Remember.
We have to get the truck in five minutes
after Gi-beom joins in.
Go after him! Hey!
-Hey, you!
-You bastard.
Now, onto the marriage vows.
The groom, Ko Yong-deok,
and the bride, Choi Ye-won.
Do you swear to love each other
in sickness and health,
respect each other,
admire your elders,
and fulfill
your duty as the husband and the wife?
-Don't stand there. Come at me.
-Sir.
I only want to serve you. Please trust me.
You should have told me that
before you set me up.
You want me to trust you now?
I can't go after a sparrow
and risk my plan to catch a pheasant.
MIN DAL-HO: MUSCLE OF ARGOS
Because of you, your wife had to suffer.
You picked the wrong person to mess with.
RIGHT-HAND MAN OF HWANG DEUK-GU
Hey!
We got it.
By the way, where's Gi-beom?
Damn it. Deuk-gu will not let this go.
He got someone to follow me.
Come on! Just let me go! Damn you.
Damn it.
That bastard.
Who the hell is he?
That fucking lunatic.
He must have a death wish.
You bastard. Do you want to die?
Shit.
Hey, tell him that I am sorry!
Shut your mouth, asshole.
Get up.
Die.
Gi-beom, stop it.
-Gosh, don't say that.
-You're too kind.
The truck with the cash has been stolen.
You fucking idiots.
I can't wait to work with you.
The truck with the cash has been stolen.
What's going on?
It's nothing.
He just told me
an important guest is here.
Why don't you talk to my wife
for the time being?
-Sure.
-I'd love to chat with you.
I thought you were an angel from heaven.
Thank you.
How was the food?
It's very good.
What's going on?
The steak here is great.
Damn it!
You bastard.
I knew you'd mess things up for me.
What's your plan now?
How will you take responsibility for this?
I'll use the guys and find the truck.
I'll handle it myself!
The ceremony isn't over yet.
What will you do?
I ought to make a hole in those bastards
who stole my money.
You're too worked up, sir.
Unless your wish is having
a hole in your head,
go and entertain my guests.
You idiot.
ENTRANCE
Get the car ready for the chairman.
Make sure to polish it up.
What the hell?
Oh, no! Damn it.
What's happening? Shit.
No!
Damn it.
ROAD CLOSED
Hey, what the heck are you doing?
There's a car accident.
Car accident, my ass.
I don't even see an ant over there.
Wait.
Damn it.
Gwang-cheol, get back to the base.
Sir, turn the car around.
What the hell is wrong with this?
No one followed us,
nor were we recognized.
We've been erased
from all security cameras too.
Those we fought off
were handed over to the police.
Good.
How will you deal with Kang Gi-beom's
erratic behavior?
Let's see what he has to say.
Anything else I should know?
It's about Ko Yong-deok.
He ran out of the building pissed
and without a protection detail.
It was his own wedding
with a venue packed with guests.
He left his bride at the event all alone?
The car moved in an odd way.
Could the car accident
be a cover-up of his murder?
Who'd have the balls
within the organization to do it?
A single gaze from Ko Yong-deok
could have their necks cut off.
If that's the case,
we have a bold player in the mix.
Deuk-gu,
I'll die at this rate.
The guy who pointed a gun at me
is already dead.
So what are you talking about?
Help me.
Please...
Take me to a hospital.
That place
is only for the sick.
Choi Ye-won!
You're just in time for the climax!
Ye-won...
Hwang Deuk-gu, how dare you.
I've got to hand it to you.
You rarely flinch.
I didn't think you'd come here
all by yourself.
You're not just a pretty face.
It
actually takes guts
to look me in the eyes.
That will make the story more believable.
A treacherous bitch
who killed her own husband
to have his money all to herself.
What?
I'm sure you can play the part well.
I'm already in possession of his assets.
Let me see.
The assets he transferred to other names
in preparation for the election?
It'll take years for you
to get your hands on them.
The battle for his throne
will be a bloodbath.
Will you be able to survive
without my funds?
Shit.
Weren't you the one
who didn't like dogfights?
Let me think.
Right.
I can't join forces with you
without seeing some conviction.
Here.
Let's see you get blood on your hands too.
Well,
if this isn't your style...
Hold on.
There's something feistier and sexier.
Just a second.
Ye Won...
Help me.
Here.
Quickly and with ease.
That'll be best for all of us.
One...
Mr. Hwang.
Two.
Hey.
Is anyone out there?
At least turn on the lights.
The lights are already on.
Then why can't I see anything?
Hopefully, it'll teach you a lesson.
Don't you mess with me.
Give me back my vision right now.
You violated our rules.
They are the ones who killed Jin.
How was I supposed to just let him go?
How can I when I still remember
what they did to her?
Tell me when you're ready
to put your personal vendetta aside.
Your vision and your revenge
will then be discussed.
Sir.
Sir?
Sir!
What do you want from me?
Let me see.
Give me back my vision!
-Mi-na.
-Yes?
I'm only saying this
because it's my expertise.
Men pull back if you obsess over them.
Gwang-cheol.
I don't know what goes on
in The Animal Kingdom,
but I'm the one who
set him up with his wife.
I see.
I understand his rage though.
You don't mess with family.
Were you like that at first too?
Your sister...
After what happened to your sister?
I already beat those
who made my sister suffer,
so no.
But...
There's one I missed.
-I didn't see his face.
-Likewise.
I hear his voice whenever I close my eyes.
Now I feel left out again.
Everyone is serious but me.
-All your organs were taken from you.
-Yes, that's right.
Yes, which was the result of
trying to recklessly score a deal.
Still, I have vengeance.
Lessons will be taught to those
who interrupted
the biggest score of my life.
Starting tomorrow,
I'll handle Gi-beom's meals.
Those who are hurt
are in need of gentle comfort.
Enjoy then.
Hold on.
Okay, here we go.
-Fast forward to the end.
-Sure.
This is where the recording stops.
Can we get a clearer picture?
Well, it was quite far away
and the lens broke
when it crashed into the tree.
Susan, what does the police report say?
The car was destroyed by the fire.
A burned body was found
but it was beyond recognition.
And the family?
His newlywed bride came by,
but that's all it says.
It looks like a storm will come our way.
Please stop.
Jin...
I will make them pay
for what they did to you.
I will seek justice for you.
Here you go, sir.
Would you look at that.
You probably didn't mean to,
but you got lucky.
You should at least eat.
Meanwhile, let me ask you something.
Where did you get that leather jacket?
I loved how it fits you.
Is it for bikers?
I'll have to check my notes.
Your notes?
He has high-tech eyes
but an old-fashioned sentiment.
-Let me ask you something too.
-Sure, go ahead.
I'd like to go back to training.
What?
You did great. Next.
The gunshot to the head
damaged a part of Mi-na's brain
and left her paralyzed.
It's not looking good.
Hurry up and get ready.
Okay.
This is Mi-na's MRI scan.
This chip in her brain
manages her blood flow and balance.
Just like in your case,
if the chip is knocked out of place,
her blood could flow backward
and her body could become paralyzed.
Until when will you take these?
Am I allowed to dodge them?
What's next?
You've become a different man
which is actually scarier.
Who the hell is this guy? My gosh.
Gwang-cheol suffered
severe burns from an explosion.
Electric currents
from his artificial organs
stimulates his skin,
thus preventing further necrosis.
What if the currents are cut off?
Not only necrosis will keep spreading,
but his organs will shut down.
Is there no fail-safe?
That's why I made a wireless battery pack
that is easy to carry and charge.
Nine.
Ten.
-How's that?
-Good.
Does he have to sleep with it?
The headquarters is equipped
with charging devices, so no.
But he must always
have it with him outside.
Let's see.
This indicates how much battery
you have left, so always check it.
Okay.
Something similar must've
happened to Han Tae-woong too.
His metal arm itself
had to go through
a number of trial-and-errors.
We called it an upgrade,
but he suffered in the process.
However, what made his arm stronger
was his determination
and the time he devoted to his training.
Well, I experienced it first-hand.
What's his weakness then?
Mechanically, the arm is perfect.
But the tissues connected to it
can suffer great damage
if he loses his focus.
It's definitely not a field
I'd challenge myself to be in.
Know your limits, utilize your strengths,
but avoid what can hurt you.
Out in the field and even while training,
don't push yourself.
There's no field job
that doesn't require you to go beyond.
The eyes are more sensitive,
so being careful is key.
Meanwhile, I'll keep working harder
to come up with better treatments.
Sure thing.
Kang Gi-beom?
So you're all here.
Let's sit.
Oh, this?
I just can't stand
objects being out of order.
I never heard about this side-effect.
The meal's free, so he needed
something to score points with.
Being born again sure has its perks.
When we're finally allowed
to freely roam the streets,
I'll treat you all to a decent meal.
So what do you have to say?
I'd like to sincerely apologize.
I let my emotions get the best of me
and that jeopardized the mission.
That only makes you human, you know.
If you ask me, these two are like robots.
They always follow the rules
when they're on a mission.
They won't budge.
What?
And?
I will accept Rugal's path
and protect its mission.
I'm not admitting
that my vendetta is frivolous.
I could go off the rails
and end up in solitary again.
-However, I will try my best.
-That won't cut it.
You must obey the rules.
With all my heart,
I will do my best to make my wife proud.
I promise you that.
OUR DEEPEST SYMPATHY
Thinking how you fucked me over
is making me impatient.
You're a dramatic one, aren't you?
What?
It's our money that's missing
and the dead is one of ours.
Coming from a rat
who's never been on my level.
Is that so?
Well, why don't we start mingling then?
If you want to, I mean.
Who do you think you're searching?
Fucking imbecile.
Sure, go ahead.
Finished?
What did I tell you?
Be nice to the pup
and it'll grab you by the hair.
And what did I tell you?
Spare the rod, spoil the child.
Look here, old men.
All we want is for us to be careful.
What's there to be mad about?
You.
Be careful with every word you spit.
If you can't play along,
then keep your trap shut.
Jeez.
Come on. Let's head inside.
Thank you all for
lending a hand with the funeral.
Considering the urgency though,
we should quickly talk business.
The chairman is dead,
so what gives you the right
to join this meeting?
Impatient as always.
Let's hear her out first.
Assemblyman Park was behind
the chairman's death.
-Are you fucking kidding me?
-I know many of you have doubts,
but this is a moment
to gather our forces to deal
with a common enemy.
Stop beating around the bush
and get to the point.
Until we solidify the organization again,
Mr. Hwang Deuk-gu will take the reins
as the newly appointed vice-chairman.
-What?
-Fucking hell?
This must be some sort of a joke.
Just like
the chairman trusted you,
I also
believe in you all.
I was thinking about
sharing the chairman's assets
depending on your individual achievements.
If you're not interested,
you may leave.
YUYEON POLICE STATION
-Name?
-Kim Dae-sik.
STATEMENT
-Age.
-29.
Residence?
-Your address!
-I killed her.
-What?
-Kang Gi-beom's wife.
I'm the one who killed her.
You piece of trash.
Sit up straight.
Kang Gi-beom...
I want to meet him.
He's not here.
He's dead.
Is that so?
Had he been alive,
we would've had a long chat.
We'll start over.
Name.
Name!
Hello, sir.
He's adamant about killing her.
Keep him there for now.
He may just want to distract us.
QUIET INSIDE THE CELL
TRUSTWORTHY AND RELIABLE POLICE
What is it this time?
Let me meet Gi-beom!
Shut up, you bastard!
What a great timing.
Gosh, what's going on?
A police station was attacked
by a member of Argos.
The arsonist wanted to meet with Gi-beom.
He said he killed your wife.
-Where's that bastard?
-Wait.
Didn't we declare Gi-beom officially dead?
You're right. This is strange.
His identity could've been exposed
when he was alone last time.
We lost all the information
regarding Argos,
that had been kept secret, in the fire.
That could've been their motive all along.
He may have mentioned Gi-beom
in order to lower their guards.
I'll go.
-No.
-I'm not going to cause a scene.
I'll interrogate him
and get some information.
All right. I'll plan your mission.
-Yes, sir.
-Sir.
But you shouldn't be alone.
Gwang-cheol will go with you.
Why me?
We'll go now.
Sir. You could send Mi-na instead.
Darn it!
I'm sorry.
POLICE
Kang Gi-beom.
You were indeed alive.
Do you know me?
It's me.
I'm the one who killed your wife.
Who sent you? Who gave you the orders?
Don't you remember my voice?
That day,
I killed your wife with a knife.
I remember
their voices, body types, and gait.
You weren't there.
So who are you?
They look so real.
No wonder he wants you.
"He"? Whom are you talking about?
I did what I was told to do.
Whom are you talking about, you bastard?
Subtitle translation by Hye-lim Park
There must be a reason why they are
interested in this technology.
I need healthy experimental bodies.
A lot of them.
Since you have become an Argos,
you will be finished.
Choi Ye-won? You evil one.
Someone's life is on stake.
Everything will be answered
once we find out who he is.
Did you really want to meet me?
That evil voice...
-It's him.
-I will kill him.